README.md, before:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_5 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Bash](#bash)
* [Emacs](#emacs)
* [Linux](#linux)

---
### Bash

- [Repeating a command with sudo](bash/repeating-a-command-with-sudo.md)
- [Resetting the backspace key](bash/resetting-the-backspace-key.md)
- [Expose directory on local webserver with Python 3](bash/expose-directory-on-local-webserver-with-python3.md)

### Emacs

- [Displaying total logged time of a tree in org-mode](emacs/displaying-total-logged-time-of-a-tree-in-org-mode.md)

### Linux/Unix

- [Using p12-certificates for VPN in Gnome Network Manager](linux/using-p12-certificates-for-vpn.md)
- [Creating a group and becoming a member without logout/login](linux/creating-a-group-and-becoming-a-member-without-logout-login.md)

## About

I shamelessly stole this idea from 
[jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) who stole it from
[thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til).
.

## Other TIL Collections

* [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til)
* [Today I Learned by Hashrocket](https://til.hashrocket.com)
* [jwworth/til](https://github.com/jwworth/til)
* [thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)

## License

&copy; 2018-2019 Jan Schreiber

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for
details.

Commit message:

Added new TIL section for rust

README.md, after:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_6 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Bash](#bash)
* [Emacs](#emacs)
* [Linux](#linux)

---
### Bash

- [Repeating a command with sudo](bash/repeating-a-command-with-sudo.md)
- [Resetting the backspace key](bash/resetting-the-backspace-key.md)
- [Expose directory on local webserver with Python 3](bash/expose-directory-on-local-webserver-with-python3.md)

### Emacs

- [Displaying total logged time of a tree in org-mode](emacs/displaying-total-logged-time-of-a-tree-in-org-mode.md)

### Linux/Unix

- [Using p12-certificates for VPN in Gnome Network Manager](linux/using-p12-certificates-for-vpn.md)
- [Creating a group and becoming a member without logout/login](linux/creating-a-group-and-becoming-a-member-without-logout-login.md)

### Rust

- [Upgrading packages in Cargo.tom](rust/upgrading-packages-in-cargo-toml.md)

## About

I shamelessly stole this idea from 
[jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) who stole it from
[thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til).
.

## Other TIL Collections

* [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til)
* [Today I Learned by Hashrocket](https://til.hashrocket.com)
* [jwworth/til](https://github.com/jwworth/til)
* [thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)

## License

&copy; 2018-2019 Jan Schreiber

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for
details.
